docs: include datadog in exporting index (#46427)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/export-audit-events.mdx

- [Monitor Teleport Audit Events with Splunk](./export-audit-events/splunk.mdx):
  How to configure the Event Handler plugin to send logs to Splunk's Universal
  Forwarder so you can explore your audit events in Splunk.
- [Monitor Teleport Audit Events with Datadog](./export-audit-events/datadog.mdx):

>   How to configure the Event Handler plugin to send logs to Datadog's Agent via Fluentd
>   so you can explore your audit events in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  How to configure the Event Handler plugin to export audit logs to Datadog via Fluentd.
```
Since the Datadog Agent isn't involved in the setup shown in the export guide (it's event-handler --> Fluentd --> Datadog ingestion endpoint).
